How to open it?
How did you hit me?
How to fight?
But that costs me a lot of time
Then you just ignore it?
I think we don’t know this clearly
Making a fuss about my dad's war meeting
What does it mean to get it?
Making a fuss in the wind
Quan Fang wants her woman princess again
Now Luo Wang has made her the most noble person again
Which one did Yuncheng give to her?
There must be something wrong with her identity
But that's just a home in nowhere
Even if it costs money to find water, I promise.
I'm still doubting that she is the No. 1 soldier.
Even if it is native to the earth
I'm so landless
It must be related to land use
Someone needs those walls
I will definitely be angry with it
Then let’s go to the ground and beg dad.
We've got it all right now
We deserve death if we go out here.
Let’s start by thinking about finding someone to do it right.